Fix docs for `method` in XHRUpload (#5170)
transloadit/uppy: docs/uploader/xhr.mdx

#### `method`

Configures which HTTP method to use for the upload (`string`, default:
`'POST'`).

> Note: Since version 3.6.5 this is passed directly to `XMLHttpRequest` so it must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: As of `@uppy/xhr-upload` v3.6.5, this is passed directly to `XMLHttpRequest` so it must
```
